Add troubleshoot ports info in debug bundle (#22577)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/22577.txt

```release-note:improvement

> cli: Added the ports troubleshoot info to debug bundle. A ports.json file is created in debug bundle which lists the ports open or closed on the host where debug command is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cli: add troubleshoot ports in debug command. A ports.json file is created, which lists the open or closed ports on the host where the command is executed.
```
